Fix m137 release (#5337)
firebase/firebase-android-sdk: firebase-firestore/CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

> * [fixed] Disable GradleMetadataPublishing to fix the Kotlin extension SDKs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [fixed] Disabled `GradleMetadataPublishing` to fix breakage of the Kotlin extensions library. #5337 
```
